# Monster Shop:
Link to site: https://sleepy-plains-40132.herokuapp.com/

An e-commerce website that allows for the a visitor or an already register user to shop for items that are currently available and purchase them thus creating an order in the system which can be fulfilled by an employee of the shop or an admin of the website. An employee of a merchant has the ability to fulfill orders thus prepping them for shipping. The employee can also remove, add or edit items that will be tied to their employer market. As an admin, the user can enable or disable merchants which either turns on or turns off their items from being displayed on the webpages. The admin also has the ability to shipped orders that have been fufilled, and the ability to act of the behalf any merchant to fulfill any orders or edit, add, or remove items.


#### Features: Visitor
The first role is that of a person who either is not login on the website or has not created an account. The visitor can go and see all the merchants on the site and items they have for sale. They can place these items in a cart to checkout. When visiting the cart they will see the ability to increase or decrease the quanity of any of the items inside the cart. The cart has limits in place that prevents them from ordering more than the shop has in stock or if the visitor decreases the quanity to zero the item will be removed from the cart. The visitor is prevent from checking out the cart until they either login or register with the site. Registering with the website will ask the visitor for some basic information such as name, address, email and a password with a confirm password needed. During registering if the visitor inputs either an already registered with the site, two different passwords or does not fill in the form an error message will appear and prevent the visitor from registering until they fill it out correctly. If the visitor already has made an account they can go to the login page where it will ask for their email or password, which if successfully inputed will take them to a profile page.

#### Features: Regular User
The default role an user has when creating an account is that of regular user. Like the visitor the regular user can visit shop pages and put items in the cart. Here the user can checkout the items in the cart, where the user will be promted to fill out a forum which if completed correctly will create an order in the system with the status of pending. If the user goes to his/her profile page they will see basic infromation about themselves and have the ability to edit their profile or password. Also, they will have a link which will take them an index page with all orders that are related to them allow them to view their status and if the orders are pending or packaged allow the user to cancel them. To see this functionality, you can login as a regular user using email: user@example.com, and password: password_regular.


#### Features: Merchant Employee
When logging in there will be a group of users that will have a relationship with one the merchants. As an employee they will be redircted to the merchant dashboard where they will see a list of orders that have items their shop sells. Clicking on an order will take them to the order page where they will see individual items where they will be told if they can fulfill this item order, already fulfilled the order, or if there is not enough product in stock to fulfill it. The employee will also have a link that will take them to an items page which shows items associated with their store. Here they can edit or add items or deactive an item which takes it off the store page and prevents an user from adding it to the cart. Just like an regular user they can edit their information on their profile page. To see this functionality you can login as a employee using email: merchant@example.com, and password: password_merchant.

#### Features: Admin
The last role an user can be is an admin. Admins when logged in will see all orders currently in the system and those orders status. If an order has all items fulfilled then the admin has the ability to shipped said packaged. A shipped package can no longer be cancelled by the user who order it. The admin will also be able to see all the users currently in the system and have the ability to see their profile page. The admin can also go a merchants index page where hey have the ability to disable or enable a merchant. A disabled merchant will have all of their items taken off of the display pages. Lastly, the admin has the ability to act like an empolyee in the sense that they can add, edit or deactive an item, or fulfill an order. To see this functionality you can login as an admin using email: admin@example.com, and password: password_admin.

#### Collaborates:
* Maxwell Baird: https://github.com/Maxwell-Baird/
* David Tran: https://github.com/DavidTTran
* Colin Alexander: https://github.com/coloniusrex
